README.md, before:

# Vector High Contrast Theme
The goal of this project is to make a set of vector images to match the high contrast themes of OpenOffice and LibreOffice. This will allow rescaling of the icons for high resolutions displays.

## Why the high contrast theme?
Admittedly, the high contrast theme is not a very pretty theme, however that is what this project focuses on because everyday people with visual impairments use this set to make using open source word processors easier.

##How can I help?
Glad you asked! Just choose an icon and make a svg image that matches that image with your favorite vector editor (we recommend [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)). Once you have finished, add your svg file to the same director as the original icon, with the same name. Make a commit with the description `Added <filename>`. Pull your work often so that work doesn't get duplicated.

While there are likely some images that we have created that you believe that you could improve upon, we encourage people to focus on creating new vector icons rather than cleaning up ones that we have already made. Once we are near completion of all icons, then we can focus on improving and optimization. Until then just keep pumping out those icons!

##Licensing Info
This is licensed under the Apache license under the assumption that the original high contrast theme is under the Apache license. If the original high contrast theme is under a different license, this project falls exclusively under that license.

Commit message:

Added original image delete clause to README.md

README.md, after:

# Vector High Contrast Theme
The goal of this project is to make a set of vector images to match the high contrast themes of OpenOffice and LibreOffice. This will allow rescaling of the icons for high resolutions displays.

## Why the high contrast theme?
Admittedly, the high contrast theme is not a very pretty theme, however that is what this project focuses on because everyday people with visual impairments use this set to make using open source word processors easier.

##How can I help?
Glad you asked! Just choose an icon and make a svg image that matches that image with your favorite vector editor (we recommend [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)). Once you have finished, add your svg file to the same director as the original icon, with the same name. Delete any raster copies of the image to help prevent duplication. Make a commit with the description `Added <filename>`. Pull your work often so that work doesn't get duplicated.

While there are likely some images that we have created that you believe that you could improve upon, we encourage people to focus on creating new vector icons rather than cleaning up ones that we have already made. Once we are near completion of all icons, then we can focus on improving and optimization. Until then just keep pumping out those icons!

##Licensing Info
This is licensed under the Apache license under the assumption that the original high contrast theme is under the Apache license. If the original high contrast theme is under a different license, this project falls exclusively under that license.
